look up there there's one big muzzle
flash on that maybe two more case you
had chopped and it here and back here on
the creek this carpets off looking
around for some baddies I missed one
he's gonna sneak up behind me hit me but
the kel-tec PMR 30 makes pretty sure
work owns their two more L Dimmick
hey everybody uh in case you didn't
notice we got a our ambush got
compromised by a train that happened
upon my property in western Arkansas no
I'm just kidding I train were supposed
to be there I'm sort of supposed to be
here anyway
we're going to go back up there and try
to kill that can that escaped its doom
prolonged its life for a second as I
said is the bookshop bandit and we got
the kel-tec PMR 30 30 rounds of 22
Winchester Magnum rimfire wmr
awesomeness and I'll tell you a little
about it once we get done but I think
while we're in the danger zone we should
just keep shooting
all right better put my earplugs in
because this puppy is allowed I mean
it's not as loud as a lot of them that's
extra loud or something but it's pretty
wild little bit alrighty let's go
barring some other interruption we
should be we should be good to go no
sleep there he is he's still there
you think with his buddy just being
killed he would you to run away there we
go got a little splash back on them oh
whoa I didn't even see those ones so
about the PMR 30 30 rounds whoo-hoo so
we shouldn't be go
good to go for some other target I don't
know if you saw it but that lid on the
pit no that's too bad of a thing
Oh see we got we got some more of his
buddies here whoa that was awesome let's
shoot him again yep see we're out I
don't know if that's 30 rounds I don't
even remember loading this mag well I
guess we could talk about it before we
check the nether regions see if there
anymore
daddy's waiting up there for us but oh
won't let you come in look at it for a
second Caltech CNC incorporated Cocoa
Florida USA huh yes that's where they
get Cocoa Beach Brown out but you know
its signature Caltech style its polymer
it's got the nice grip there on it it's
you got you a Picatinny rail for all you
people who want to mount rocket
launchers on it I mean on your assault
weapon this this is obviously a
high-capacity clip magazine according to
Diane Feinstein no so yep you got some
nice sights on them I don't know if you
can line those
down there the camera but yeah those are
some pretty sights you can pick those up
real fast as you saw I guess maybe with
my awe-inspiring shooting we're we're
going to go see if we can kill some more
kill some bad guys
I guess the pass I kill I'm gonna get my
handgun license revoked here in the
great state of New York wait wait I live
in Arkansas ow
all right let's go I see a lone long
green tea jug green tea yeah anyway uh
but we're gonna take care of this
watermelon first I don't really know
what it's going to do to this watermelon
22 movie pretty interesting you have a
malfunction it's best just to keep it
pointed downrange because you never know
we lost around but that's okay blow
through some rounds at it ready see what
it did to the back yeah see that's what
I was expecting
what wasn't that big of a show like the
2-litre back there yeah we'll go there
go
I don't get too close green tea is
notoriously volatile stuff yeah see make
quick work we'll just take a look and
see what Oh gravy there's I don't know
if you can see it but there's one down
there he thought he could hide from us
we'll take care of him
hopefully we don't get so that's what
you think and that one seemed like it
had even less rounds from the first one
I'm bookshop bandit huh out here shootin
some 22 Magnum it when you get thirty
rounds you just can't help but I cannot
grab my you punch you can't help but you
know run through a lot of ammo and Lam
all the way it is today you almost can't
afford that so thanks for watching check
out my uh-huh check out my Facebook page
I like this video favorite you know
subscribes and stuff and I have a
Twitter now so you can follow me there I
mean I don't know what I'll post I
probably behind-the-scenes stuff and you
want to see that don't you
alright see you then